Open Science School (OSS) is an association aiming to promote Citizen Science at any level. Citizen Science should be considered as a symbiosis between scientists and citizens. 
This means it is equally important that scientists help arising consciousness about the scientific subjects which could benefit from citizens involvement than that citizens find their involvement useful for scientists. 
With this purpose, OSS designs, builds and implement scientific workshops to be conducted at high schools with the aim of engaging students in environmental problematics research and problem solving.
Thus, they are asked to collect samples, analyze and map data and brainstorm about further applications and usage of this data.

Having this panomaric view, to our opinion there are some important questions still to be resolved: 

-	How could we collect all the data coming from the different high schools undertaking the workshops?
-	How could we involve scientists in this project? 

In this context, our goal for the course would be to start prototyping an online interactive database where students could submit all the data coming from their experiments; 
at the same time this data could be accessible for researchers working in the research fields of interests. 
The first steps for this would be: 

1.	Make a list of the data that should be included in the database
2.	Thinking about the strategy we want to use to engage students and scientists (psychology of the user)
3.	Design how would the database look like
4.	Think of the best tool to build the database (e.g. Dynamic website)
5.	Build the database
6.	Test the database before opening it to the public
7.	Contact the high schools to include their data
8.	Contact de scientists that could be interested

With this, we would like to awake students’ awareness towards Citizen Science and to make them understand that its importance is beyond theory and that real actions are needed. 
Thinking further and considering that OSS is part of the European project Doing It Together Science (DITOS), 
in the future it could be great to include other Citizen Science projects being done by other institutions belonging to DITOS program, 
so that the database could become a bigger Citizen Science Interactive Platform.

